[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory,
and what you're
about to hear on this program
may upset you, may terrify you,
may frighten you.
Dr. Judy Wood, a former
mechanical engineer
and author of "Where
Did the Towers Go?",
has been looking at this tragedy
since it occurred back in 2001.
But something else
may have happened,
and Dr. Judy Wood is
with us to explain.
Judy, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>JUDY WOOD: Well, thank you
so much for having me here.
>>NOORY: When this
happened, this tragedy,
I was at home and my
daughter called me and said--
Dad, Dad, turn on
the television!
You won't believe
what I'm looking at!
And the first plane had
already hit one of the towers,
and I was watching as
so many others were
when the second plane
hit another tower.
But you saw something else.
What happened that day for you?
>>WOOD: Well, what I saw--
I went into the faculty
conference room,
and they had the TV on.
They were showing repeatedly,
over and over again,
these towers frothing
up into dust.
And I looked around
the room like, you guys
aren't buying this, are you?
And they looked over
like, what kind of a idiot
did we, you know, hire here?
They were already
sucked into it.
That was the most uncomfortable
feeling of my life.
Am I insane?
Or is the rest the world insane?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WOOD: And that's actually
a sane question to ask.
>>NOORY: Well, I
remember interviewing you
on "Coast to Coast,"
and we field phone calls
from listeners.
And I'm saying, we
saw the planes hit--
what is Judy saying?
What is she-- and
then all of a sudden,
I stepped back a
little bit to look
at some of the other
anomalies that had occurred.
You know, a pristine passport
of one of the hijackers
just found in a
rubble of pictures
we're going to see a little bit
later on in the program, where
there's no way you could have a
pristine passport sitting there
on the dust.
Something else is going on here.
And then subsequently,
Judy, even to today,
what we've done in the Middle
East, and our involvement still
in Afghanistan, in
Iraq, and God knows
where else, it hasn't stopped.
And now that we know
about the deep state
and what they may be up to,
you then put all the pieces
together, and you realize--
maybe Dr. Judy Wood isn't
insane (CHUCKLING) after all.
Was it difficult for you
during that time period
to continue with your
theory that we're going
to talk about today?
>>WOOD: Oh, it wasn't a theory--
just looking at evidence.
And so I would look at
things I could actually
calculate, like how long it
took the building to go away.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: And if I--
this one, huge thing I
discovered with my colleagues--
if I showed them my calculations
as for how long it would take
the building just to
fall to the ground,
they couldn't handle that.
I could see-- you know,
it was falling bodies,
horrors seen, and they
were just traumatized.
OK.
Then I got this idea of
using innocent billiard balls
for timing devices.
So we just dropped
those out the window.
OK, now they're following
it, and they're evaluating it
like it's a dynamics problem.
And they come up with
the right answer.
>>NOORY: Did they ever get
to a point where they said--
we understand what
she's saying now.
We get it.
>>WOOD: I developed this
billiard ball example,
you know, about just look
at innocent billiard balls
as timing devices of how
long it would take them
to fall from different windows.
And folks would follow
me to the end with that.
And then I moved it back
to the World Trade Center,
and they were
painted into a corner
they couldn't get out of.
Some could handle
it, some couldn't.
It was just too
stressful, and they just
never wanted to talk
about that subject again.
It was just terrifying.
>>NOORY: It was a horrible day.
It was probably one of
the most horrible days
I think I've ever encountered.
>>WOOD: And it
was very traumatic
if you took it in emotionally.
If you put on your
Spock persona--
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>WOOD: --and just looked at the
facts-- just the facts, ma'am--
and looked at those.
But then how to get
people to do that?
Because the way it was
presented was very emotional.
>>NOORY: It was emotional.
It was dramatic.
It was compelling.
And it was live television.
And we saw that.
But then later on, people
who were in the know
or who are reasonable
would say--
OK, one tower
collapsing from a plane?
Well, maybe.
But two?
And then another one,
Building 7, when it was really
not even hit by a plane?
Maybe some debris fell on it,
but buildings just don't fall.
At what point did you
realize to yourself
there's a bigger
story going on here?
>>WOOD: When I realized it's
not just one building, or two
buildings, or three buildings.
All seven buildings
that have a WTC prefix
were destroyed that day.
All seven.
>>NOORY: All seven of them.
>>WOOD: WTC 1, 2,
3, 4, 5, 6, and 7.
>>NOORY: Almost in unison too.
>>WOOD: Exactly.
And very much in
similar ways too.
Building 6-- it
looked like, you know,
a cookie cutter took out the
center core of the building.
Just went away.
One poor firefighter
had a friend
who was right-- he
was walking with who
was on the wrong
side of the division.
He came out OK.
His friend was gone.
>>NOORY: And I want everybody
to know while they're watching
this program, Judy, is the
compassion that you've had
for the 3,000-some people who
died on that horrible day.
This is not a program
that diverts the fact
that these poor people didn't
die, and didn't die tragically.
This is a program trying to get
to the truth on what happened
to make this tragedy occur.
And I want people
to understand that.
Because knowing you
over these years,
you're a very
compassionate person.
>>WOOD: Like there's several
of the first responders
I sort of became attached
to through their stories
and what they're experiencing,
as well as some of the victims
that I homed in on.
And like the fellow hanging,
dangling by one hand and one
foot from the 105th
floor, and I'm thinking--
he needs his story told.
I'm putting myself
in his position.
He knows he's facing
his own death,
but he wants the rest of the
world to know what went on
and what happened.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: And I made
a promise to him.
>>NOORY: Because you
really don't dwell on
the planes itself.
But were the planes used as
the image, the scope of what
happened, where the real
damage was done by the ability
to pulverize these
buildings electronically?
>>WOOD: Well, I
believe there were
planes that took off that day.
Where they went, we don't know.
But they can't turn buildings
into powder in midair.
And so all they do is
suck in your emotion.
Yeah, it's terrible
what happened,
but we're not going
to get to the answer
when we get pulled
in emotionally.
So it's important to
separate those two things.
Whether they're real or
fake, it doesn't matter.
We don't need to argue about it.
That real planes cannot turn
buildings into dust in midair
and neither can fake planes.
So the planes aren't an issue--
that something turned
the buildings into powder
in midair.
>>NOORY: You know, I see
apartment fires on the news,
and they're burning, and they're
burning, and they're burning.
But the buildings
don't collapse.
You'll see scorches outside the
window and things like that,
or a couple of damaged
floors, but the building
is still intact.
These all went down.
All of them!
>>WOOD: Not necessarily down.
Some of it went up in dust.
It went up into the upper
part of the atmosphere.
It was mainly turned to dust.
There was some solids, but most
of the building turned to dust.
>>NOORY: As you got
into researching this,
was there an "Oh, my God"
moment for you when you went--
I can't believe
this is happening?
>>WOOD: My first
thing on that day
was, where'd the buildings go?
Why is no one asking that?
You see everything
at ground level.
And it was just about 25
hours later, Peter Jennings
in the studio was asking George
Stephanopoulos at the scene--
George, folks, Jackie
Judd and several others
have been asking where
did all the rubble go?
Well, I've been
asking folks that,
and one volunteer,
Robert Ralinsky,
explained it all fell
down into the ground,
was pulverized, and evaporated.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WOOD: And you
think, this poor guy--
>>NOORY: That doesn't happen.
>>WOOD: --that's the best he
can do to explain what happened.
>>NOORY: At that moment.
Yeah.
>>WOOD: But he was explaining
to the best of his ability.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WOOD: He's not a scientist.
And a lot of folks, you
know, they understand reality
to be this way, and they
try to fit everything
into those cubbyholes.
Like the rumors of
hot, steel-toed boots,
boots melting.
No reports of burned feet.
You know, if my oven
is melting, steel oven,
the turkey inside is
more than well done.
But there's no reports
of burned feet,
but something was
happening to the shoes.
They're at least documenting
that something weird
was going on with the shoes.
>>NOORY: Yeah, exactly.
They don't want to
hear this, do they?
>>WOOD: Right.
They don't want anything
that upsets the apple cart.
>>NOORY: What are
they afraid of?
>>WOOD: Um, not
going with the flow.
Even like the climate
change issues--
there's some folks who've
spoken out about that.
They can't get a job
elsewhere, either.
>>NOORY: There's no question
that within government, there
are people who are not
acting for our behalf.
They've got their own agenda.
>>WOOD: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: It's not to say
government does this, or--
>>WOOD: Exactly.
>>NOORY: --the President--
>>NOORY: --did this.
I don't think when this tragedy
occurred George Bush knew
what was happening at all.
>>WOOD: Correct.
>>NOORY: You could
look at his face--
>>WOOD: I agree.
>>NOORY: --when he was talking
to those kids in that school.
He was in shock.
>>WOOD: He was clueless.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: He didn't
know what to do.
>>NOORY: He was in shock.
But there are facets
within government
that I would say are
rogue, doing what
they do for their own purposes.
>>WOOD: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Let's go back
to the JFK assassination.
There's no question
in my mind that there
were people within government
who knew what was happening.
And they just either
sat by and did nothing,
or they were part of it.
And with 9/11, I'm now convinced
there was a bigger story here.
I will say until
the day I die, Judy,
that government didn't do it.
The United States did not
take down those buildings.
>>WOOD: I agree.
>>NOORY: But there was a
group of rogue conspiracists
who were involved in something.
And now look at what's happening
around this planet today.
>>WOOD: The people are
afraid to stand up to it.
>>NOORY: They are.
>>WOOD: Because they
think they'll be history.
This is the likelihood.
But somebody's got to
do it at some point.
And if-- more people that
stand up, the better.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
And the so-called terrorists
that were involved--
I don't have any doubts
that those kinds of people
were recruited to
do what they did
for the image of what happened.
>>WOOD: We don't even know what
those people supposedly did,
or where they came
from, went to, or--
they didn't have anything
to do with the buildings,
as far as we know.
>>NOORY: And wasn't
it true that some
of the so-called terrorists
and hijackers were alive,
and they weren't who
they said they were?
And they said, wait a
minute, that's not me!
I'm here!
Is that true?
>>WOOD: As far as I
know, on that day,
I remember hearing
that story about they
already had this
list before noon.
And if they know these
people are on the plane,
why'd they let it go?
You know, just sit back
and twiddle their thumbs.
>>NOORY: During
JFK's assassination,
I recall that a
newspaper in Europe
already had Oswald
as the assassin
before we knew about it.
>>WOOD: But people
will believe whatever
you want them to believe.
That's how it ends up working.
That's why I keep coming back
to evidence, because that's not
anything to do with belief.
>>NOORY: And in tragedy, people
will always say to government,
please save us.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: Do what you can for us.
>>NOORY: And that's where
governments take control.
And now we've got the
Homeland Security Act.
And we seem to be able to go
into countries willy-nilly
without any congressional
approval at all.
We just go.
And it-- I mean, you
know, I can't believe,
Judy, you know--
here we are, 2018.
We're still in Iraq.
We're still in Afghanistan.
>>WOOD: It's
important to recognize
that what happened
on 9/11 was an attack
on human consciousness.
>>NOORY: Tell me
more about that.
>>WOOD: Look at how
it affected people.
They were unable to think
clearly, unable to function.
And they were just like they
were in a daze or hypnotized.
>>NOORY: I think we still are.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: We--
>>WOOD: For the most part.
>>NOORY: We still are hypnotized
in a situation where we just
can't seem to get out of it.
>>WOOD: For example,
how many court cases
do you know where they
look at intersection videos
to see where somebody
went through at what time?
And they can monitor
people wherever they are.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: We wouldn't
have allowed that--
>>NOORY: No.
>>WOOD: --before 9/11.
>>NOORY: You know.
Now we welcome it.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You know,
please, save us!
Help us!
You've brought some
incredible images
which backs up what you've been
talking about all these years.
And let's go through
some of them, Judy.
And tell us what
we're looking at.
>>WOOD: OK.
Well, in this first one, which
is also on the cover of my book
'cause it's so important--
just from this picture.
And by the time you get to the
end, you can look back at this
and say, wow!
>>NOORY: What are
we looking at here?
>>WOOD: Those buildings
didn't burn up,
nor did they slam to the
ground, but mostly turned
to dust in midair.
This is the North
Tower, Tower 1.
And would you
believe, right now,
when that picture
was taken, there's
14 people in stairway B,
second, third, and fourth floor,
who when the dust settled,
walked out on their own.
They looked up and saw
blue sky and walked out.
They didn't-- they
weren't crushed.
>>NOORY: They
would have crashed.
They should have been
mangled, for crying out loud.
>>WOOD: And one of them
said it felt like he walked
onto an empty football field.
>>NOORY: Jeez!
>>WOOD: The buildings literally
turned to dust in midair.
If a piece of steel is
flying through the air,
it dissolves before
it hits ground.
>>NOORY: Those little red
arrows-- what do they depict?
>>WOOD: Showing how it's,
like, squirting up and out.
But it's important that you
first determine what happened.
You got to know what
problem you're solving.
I often ask people, is
27 the right answer?
The right answer to what?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>WOOD: And if you don't
know what it was that
happened, how can you
tell how it happened,
if you don't know what it is.
>>NOORY: And we still
don't know who did it.
Really, do we?
>>WOOD: But I'm almost
positive I know who knows.
They're the ones
I took to court.
But, you know, again,
the judges, I think,
were afraid to let
the case go forward.
>>NOORY: Nobody
wanted to touch it.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>NOORY: Nobody
wanted to touch it.
>>WOOD: So how it happened
is vital to figuring it out.
So that's what I
mainly focus on.
And that usually
speaks for itself.
The evidence tells
you what happened.
Let's get oriented.
This is the World
Trade Center complex.
And we have the two towers.
There's the North Tower, and
then we have the South Tower.
And the North Tower you
can tell because it's
further north, but also
it's got that TV antenna
on top of it that
makes it more obvious.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>WOOD: At the base of it is
Building 3 in the foreground.
You have 4, 5, and 6 behind it.
Building 7 is across the street.
>>NOORY: It went down, too.
And just looking
at this picture,
Judy, just brings back--
>>WOOD: It's amazing
how much material.
That's a quarter mile--
over a quarter mile tall.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: So now
let's say you work
in Bankers Trust over
there across the street.
You're going to go in there and
go up to about the 21st floor,
and then, you know, look out
your window from your office
and see what it looks like.
What do you think it's
going to look like?
Whoops.
Where did the building go?
>>NOORY: Where did it go?
Poof!
>>WOOD: Notice we're looking
through a window glass that's
intact, right across the street.
>>NOORY: And is that the
base of one of the towers?
>>WOOD: Correct.
That's the base of Tower 2 or
the outer columns of the lobby.
But nothing's taller than that.
>>NOORY: And everything's
just pulverized.
>>WOOD: At ground level.
Now we're going to go
look the other direction.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WOOD: That's over by
where Building 4 was.
Whoops.
Where did that building go?
The main body of Building 4 went
missing like it was cut off.
You know, the tipping
top of Tower 2
is going to-- looked like it was
going to fall on top of that,
but it just turned
to dust in midair.
>>NOORY: And didn't
people hear explosions?
>>WOOD: If you're
disintegrating something,
you're going to
hear things go boom.
But, you know, bombs go
boom, and not everything
that goes boom is a bomb.
Think of an egg in
your microwave oven.
So again, you know, this is
the orientation of the site.
>>NOORY: If you were to add
the laws of probability, Judy,
on the buildings collapsing
the way they all did,
how astronomical would that be?
>>WOOD: Oh, there's
no probability
for it 'cause it doesn't happen.
What I ended up
seeing from this is
that instead of atoms being
attracted to each other,
they decide to repel each other.
They were instructed
somehow to repel each other.
So it wasn't pulverization.
Pulverization is a grinding.
You know, vaporization
takes high heat.
This was something else,
so it needed a new name.
I call it dustification.
Just-- the building was
turned into fine particles.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at a video which
helps illustrate some
of these things that
have been happening.
So what are we
looking at here, Judy?
>>WOOD: We're looking at the
North Tower turning to dust.
>>NOORY: I mean, my gosh!
>>WOOD: It's a little
bit dark, but you'll
see on the front corner a
beam-- a solid beam fall down,
or start to come down,
but then it doesn't ever
make it to the ground
because it turns
to dust before it gets there.
>>NOORY: Is it unusual,
the pattern of the dust?
Does that tell you anything?
>>WOOD: Well, it's
just that it--
>>NOORY: Looks
like it's going up.
>>WOOD: And some of it does.
It goes up into the upper
atmosphere, or the upper part
of the atmosphere.
See the beam right down--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: --at the bottom?
It just turns to dust.
You can't tell me
the dust overtook it,
a solid piece of steel.
It turns to dust and
never hits the ground.
>>NOORY: What kind of
technology, in your opinion,
would do something like that?
>>WOOD: Something that we don't
normally see in regular life.
But we have seen
it occur naturally.
>>NOORY: What do you
mean "occurs naturally?"
>>WOOD: Ah!
That part of Building 4?
It reminded me of
something I saw as a child
when we drove through
Topeka, Kansas,
right after that big,
horrendous tornado.
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
>>WOOD: I saw apartment
buildings-- well,
they were probably
dorms, but I thought
they were apartment
buildings-- sliced in two.
>>NOORY: Yep.
>>WOOD: Half of it
there, half of it gone.
>>NOORY: They're
just-- they implode.
>>WOOD: Or there
was-- the bedspread
was in perfect
condition, bed made,
some magazines on the beds
and books on the dresser.
Things hanging in the closet
that were not touched.
Wind does not do that.
There's something
that disintegrated
half the building.
>>NOORY: Let's look at our
next picture here, Judy,
and have you explain it.
>>WOOD: We're going to
look right there, down
on the ground, in
front of Building 1.
Here it is.
It's right at ground level.
There's the north and south
walls of the North Tower,
right at ground level.
And there's an ambulance there
that looks pretty much intact.
Now it doesn't look
clobbered by beams.
Keep in mind, there's
a 110-story building
that just went away.
>>NOORY: It's just gone.
You would think half of
it would still be there.
Or something.
>>WOOD: Well, there'd
be a pile of stuff.
If you're talking
about this pancaking,
you'd have a pile of pancakes.
But you don't see that.
>>NOORY: And what
about the controversy
of taking the material away?
Wasn't that strange too?
>>WOOD: It was gone
before noon on 9/11.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: It was gone
before the dust cleared.
'Cause once the dust
cleared, you know,
folks said they saw an
empty football field.
>>NOORY: I mean, it
was a crime scene.
A crime scene
should stay intact.
Right?
>>WOOD: It wasn't
necessarily removed.
It just wasn't there.
That was the explanation for
why you don't see much debris.
Like, for example, this is this
dome of this 44 story building.
It's right across the
street from Tower 1.
>>NOORY: It's not even touched!
>>WOOD: Right.
It's not clobbered.
>>NOORY: There's nothing on it.
>>WOOD: Right.
Building 7 went
away that afternoon
and, over by the
post office, you
can see it didn't even spill
completely across the street.
Didn't fully cover the sidewalk.
>>NOORY: How could
that be so pristine?
>>WOOD: Like, where
did the stuff go?
>>NOORY: I mean, are you
still baffled at this point?
Even though you've come up
with your own conclusions?
>>WOOD: Well, you can see that
the building did not collapse.
It didn't fall down, go boom.
It turned to dust in midair.
They originally
built the towers out,
and they made extra land
because it's so valuable.
And they built this retaining
wall around the towers.
They were built seven stories
below the water table.
But would you believe that
that wall was not destroyed?
>>NOORY: At all?
>>WOOD: Nope.
I'm not saying it's
in pristine condition,
but it didn't spring a leak.
And there's a tunnel that
goes underneath there
with subway trains that go
over to the New Jersey side.
The tunnels were built,
like, the early-1900s.
They're still there.
Here's after they
cleaned out the bathtub--
that's what they call it--
the original wall
is still there.
>>NOORY: There it is.
Are you saying that
the equipment used
to implode and pulverize--
was it directed as like a
particle beam from someplace?
>>WOOD: It was instructed.
Directed, as in giving
it directions what to do.
Instructed at what to
do and where to do it.
Just like your TV
remote control--
it instructs the TV or directs
the TV to change the channel.
>>NOORY: What about
the theories we
heard about dynamite being put
in the buildings weeks before
and stuff like that?
>>WOOD: This graphic here
kind of answers that.
See, WTC 2 just went away
at the top, and then WTC 1.
And then you have these
various quarry blasts all day.
And then, see-- down
here at the bottom,
you have that little
black thing on the--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
What does that mean?
What are those things?
>>WOOD: That was an earthquake
in the Fox Islands, which is
a part of the Aleutian Islands.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>WOOD: Right there.
But look at this thing
just before then.
That was Building 7 going away.
You can't even see
it on the chart.
>>NOORY: No.
>>WOOD: It made a 0.60
equivalency on the Richter
scale, which is
like a jackhammer.
And it was six times the
mass of the Kingdome.
>>NOORY: So what
you're saying is,
is it should have
spiked even higher.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>NOORY: What else do we have?
>>WOOD: Not only that.
That made no S- or P-wave.
That's primary or
secondary waves.
No wave traveled
through the earth.
It was only surface waves.
That doesn't happen in
building demolitions.
You know, you always
have an S-wave and P-wave
with building demolitions.
But let's consider three
different kinds of energy.
Thermal energy would
cause vaporization.
It's from high heat.
We can rule out high heat.
Kinetic energy, like
gravity collapse.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WOOD: Bangity-bang
or, you know, bombs.
Something that flies
through the air,
you know, and hits something.
But then something
else was going on.
So the energy was told to
do something differently
than it normally does.
>>NOORY: Directed.
>>WOOD: That's what I'm
calling directed energy.
It's-- just leaving it in
the most general terms.
>>NOORY: What would
direct energy like that?
>>WOOD: Directed energy?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: Well, it's just--
if something is directed,
putting it in a field.
Having it subjected
to field effects.
>>NOORY: I mean, would you
have to have a huge apparatus
or something to
bombard something?
>>WOOD: Not necessarily.
Let's not think about
a gizmo so much yet.
It's just looking
at the evidence.
Like in this image
here, you can see
steel beams coming down, hurling
enormous amounts of dust.
And they're falling down
towards an intersection--
>>NOORY: You could see them.
You could see little
specks of them, right?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Those are the beams?
You see, you know, a
horizontal solid beam.
Now, think if you're going to
try to impersonate that beam.
You know, you cover
yourself with dust,
and you jump off the
top of the building.
On the way down, can
the guy on the ground
see much dust coming off you?
No.
So, OK, you carry
some bags of flour,
and you toss those
out on the way down.
You can't come anywhere
close to this amount of dust.
>>NOORY: Let's look at another
piece of video if we can, Judy,
and have you explain to
us what we're looking at.
I mean, what's happening here?
>>WOOD: This is a part of
the remaining core columns.
I'm guessing it's probably
Stairway B, actually.
And you see it's got
nice, clear air around it.
See, there's like a banana
peel pulling away from it.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: Stuff is being
torn away from it.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: It's obviously
strong 'cause
it's still standing there.
So it's very rigid and strong
to withstand those walls being
pulled away from it.
>>NOORY: Do you think this
entire area, this region,
was bombarded at the same time?
>>WOOD: Something
was going on there.
We can see that much.
Like, think of an
Alka-Seltzer tablet.
In dry atmosphere, it's
just this rigid object.
You change its environment,
put it in a wet--
you know, water.
It effervesces and dissolves.
So if you could do something
like that with a building,
change its environment somehow
that would affect the material
to have it effervesce
and to dissolve.
>>NOORY: We keep hearing
stories about thermite being
discovered in the buildings.
What is thermite, and what's
the significance of that?
>>WOOD: It's a distraction
because thermite
is a mixture of aluminum
powder and iron oxide.
Well, if you have
a steel structure
with aluminum cladding, and you
turn it to dust, what are you
going to have?
>>NOORY: That.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
So it's a way of distracting
people and to, you know,
don't look here.
Look over at this little
speck over here and, you know,
look away from the evidence.
>>NOORY: The
magician's hand, huh?
>>WOOD: Yeah, exactly.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>WOOD: And it's sort of a test
to see how gullible people are
'cause thermite--
it burns very hot, very bright.
And I like to refer to that
Manfred Mann Earth Band song,
"Blinded by the Light."
You know, that was
missing on 9/11.
Nobody was blinded by
any horrendous light.
Not only that, they
didn't burn up.
>>NOORY: Why hasn't
there been really more
of an investigation?
Into your work, for example?
Why aren't some groups
saying, we need to study this.
She has conclusions that are
horrible if they're true.
Let's investigate
this, and bring
in scientists, and architects,
and people like that.
Why don't they do that?
>>WOOD: Uh, don't
like the answer?
There's no other conclusion
you can come to when
looking through the evidence.
I've seen people give this
book to someone who is a,
you know-- oh, no, it happened
just like they told us
on TV that day.
Well, can you find the
error in this book?
And the person who combs through
it backwards and forwards,
inside and out, and pretty soon
they realize-- uh-oh, you know.
It's true.
>>NOORY: What has this
done to you personally,
Judy, since you've done this?
And are you glad you
started doing this?
Or would you have preferred
you didn't even touch it?
>>WOOD: I'm glad I
did it because we only
go through this life once.
And actually, the
moment I decided
to do that, I sort of said
something to my students.
I said, if you knew the world
was going to end in a week,
and there was very little
chance you could save it,
would you try?
>>NOORY: I still would.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>WOOD: Because you
don't want to have
that on your conscience.
You want to do as
much as you can do.
That's where I was.
>>NOORY: Did it affect
your employment?
>>WOOD: Oh, yeah.
Yep.
And actually, when I first
started talking about this,
I had various detractors
writing to the dean,
writing to my department chair.
>>NOORY: Oh, they hated you.
>>WOOD: Oh, just lots of trash.
I had a talk scheduled on
campus and that got canceled.
You know, that's
what gets in the way.
>>NOORY: That's what I don't get
about discussion and opinion.
They don't have
to agree with you.
They don't have to
accept your conclusions.
But they don't have to attack
you and try to destroy you.
Because as far as
I'm concerned, isn't
it the American way to
question, to probe, to come up--
>>WOOD: The scientist.
>>NOORY: --with this?
You know?
And the fact that you
may go against the grain
isn't a reason to ruin
you or destroy you.
You know?
Simply say, well, that's
Dr. Wood's opinion.
She's entitled to it.
This is my opinion.
I'm entitled to it.
And move on.
Instead, there's
a concerted effort
to shut you down, to quiet you.
>>WOOD: And they
don't want people
to see various
pieces of evidence
like this particular one
here where the building just
froths up into dust.
>>NOORY: What are
they afraid of, Judy?
>>WOOD: Oh, it might
scare somebody.
I don't know.
I'm just guessing.
>>NOORY: It could be.
Let's look at some
more objects here.
Now what are we looking
at right here, Judy?
>>WOOD: This is like
that video we just saw.
There's some still
shots from it.
And you can see that the
remaining core columns,
in that first upper-left
image, to the right,
you see it's now getting weak.
We knew they were
strong 'cause they
had the various pieces to
the sides of them torn away,
but now it's getting soft
and starting to wilt.
And the bottom shows
a sequence of images
where you see around
them this very crisp air,
and then pretty soon
it's not crisp anymore.
The thing just turns to
dust right before your eyes.
Detractors like to say the
dust was settled, not shook up,
but that doesn't
jibe how that works.
OK, we have from the
different directions.
Then in this image,
we have some steel--
I call it Wheat Chex--
the prefab sections--
>>NOORY: It's just imploding.
>>WOOD: --falling down.
You can see that
they're losing material
as it gets lower to the ground.
And this-- you said, what
happened to Building 7?
>>NOORY: 7, which has been
always a puzzle then for me.
>>WOOD: This looks like
it's the top of Tower 2.
See how the top tips over?
>>NOORY: Mm-hmm.
>>WOOD: And then
it turns to dust.
It's 35 stories.
It's almost the
size of Building 7.
Think of this Building 7 just
sitting on top of lower port.
See how it just shrinks up
before the rest of the building
goes away?
>>NOORY: And there's really--
nothing hit it.
>>WOOD: Right!
It just shrinks up.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: And those--
was the dust hot?
Well, yeah, these guys
obviously endured it.
And I like how it shows
where this guy's tie was--
that the dust came
all of a sudden.
They survived it.
It might be hard to breathe,
but they didn't get cooked.
>>NOORY: They didn't get cooked.
They may have had
lung problems later.
>>WOOD: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Right?
>>WOOD: Another very
weird thing was the--
I call them toasted cars.
Not necessarily
indicating cause.
They're toast.
They're history.
They get done in.
This police car--
the lights on the top
are kind of a plastic that
would easily melt if it was hot.
>>NOORY: Oh, sure.
>>WOOD: If you had some
rip-roaring fire going on
inside, it'd be like
a brew up there.
But those lights didn't melt.
>>NOORY: It doesn't
look like it was melted.
It looks like just
things crushed them.
>>WOOD: Yeah, it's
polycarbonate.
And then it's interesting how
it abruptly stops at the door.
Gas tanks didn't explode.
This is the other
side of that car.
There's a spot that is pristine.
It's like it has a--
>>NOORY: And it's
really not that
scorched for the
kind of fires that
were in there and the heat.
I mean, look at the back.
It's still white.
>>WOOD: Like the showroom floor.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: There's some
upside-down cars.
Like, how'd they
get upside down?
>>NOORY: How'd that happen?
>>WOOD: They're just fine
except they're upside-down.
>>NOORY: What flipped them?
>>WOOD: Ah, turns out there's
evidence of levitation.
There's detractors that like
to say that the cars got towed.
I don't know about
how some of them were,
but I know these were not towed.
You can see them
before and after.
>>NOORY: Those are
cars in a parking lot?
>>WOOD: Yep.
It's diagonally across
from the towers,
in the Embassy
Suites parking lot.
And you can see cars
adjacent to each other.
One might be OK, and
the other one isn't.
>>NOORY: The other one's fine.
>>WOOD: There's a sea
of unburned paper.
>>NOORY: You could literally
get in some of them
and drive them away.
Right?
>>WOOD: Yep.
And some people did.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>WOOD: Now this is a
really bizarre artifact.
>>NOORY: What is it?
>>WOOD: It's a Bible artifact
that's in the 9/11 museum.
The Pope even came to
visit and visit this item.
And folks often like to point
out that formerly molten metal
that was on the page, it wasn't
molten because it was hot.
The pages would have burned up.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WOOD: It was liquid metal
because of another reason.
>>NOORY: Maybe it was Divine
Providence that saved it.
>>WOOD: [LAUGHS] There's
other things that
show it wasn't high heat.
Like this map in the
upper-left, folks often
cite that saying that, oh,
look all that high heat.
It is-- something was
being interpreted,
but it wasn't correctly
interpreted as heat,
because it claimed it was 800
or 915 degrees Fahrenheit.
But the water isn't boiling.
And here those guys are wading.
>>NOORY: Well, they did
what they wanted to do.
They accomplished
the spectacular.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: People saw this.
It was--
>>WOOD: Shock and awe.
>>NOORY: --tragic.
We immediately went
into Afghanistan
to chase down the
Taliban, and to get
Osama bin Laden and his
group of al-Qaeda members.
And then we kept going.
We kept going.
We created the issue of weapons
of mass destruction in Iraq.
And do you think all of this
was the focal point for what
happened subsequently,
and where we are today?
That this was the
impetus to allow
us to do what we are doing now?
>>WOOD: Not necessarily.
Yes, but clearly it changed
the mindset of the world.
And there's a lot of people
that just kind of shut down
their thinking after that.
>>NOORY: It sort of left the
world sitting back going,
we understand what the
United States needs
to do now to defend itself.
Let them go in.
Because without
9/11, we couldn't
have just gone into Afghanistan,
or Iraq, or anything like that.
The Russians would
have protested.
Something would have happened.
But because of the
tragedy, nobody stopped us.
>>WOOD: I don't get into
those kind of things
so much because that's sort
of like mind reading what
intentions are.
But you can see from
evidence of that, you know,
it isn't the story
we were given.
Like, for example,
this image here.
We were talking about buildings
didn't necessarily go down.
Some might have gone down,
but a lot of it went up.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: And this shows it
going up, and up, and up.
There's some strange reaction--
perhaps helium production,
which you see in cold fusion,
caused it to go up.
And--
>>NOORY: Do you think
whatever happened
to the buildings,
Judy, was already
implanted in the buildings,
or this is from the outside?
>>WOOD: Didn't need to be.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>WOOD: And so I wanted
to see where that--
how far up the dust went.
And then I looked at some
weather satellite maps,
and I saw this.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>WOOD: Hurricane Erin.
It's a Category 3 hurricane.
It was heading towards New
York City for four days
prior to 9/11.
>>NOORY: Huh!
>>WOOD: It had been around
for a lot longer than that,
but it made a beeline to
New York City for four days
straight.
>>NOORY: Isn't that ironic?
>>WOOD: What is really weird
is that we didn't really
hear much about it.
>>NOORY: No.
Not at all.
>>WOOD: For four days, it was
heading straight to Manhattan.
How can they be 100% sure
when and where that thing's
going to turn around--
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WOOD: --to that they
don't tell anybody
and don't evacuate Manhattan?
It was actually raining
on the end of Long Island.
>>NOORY: That's like the
perfect storm, isn't it?
Look at it.
>>WOOD: A flight attendant
who flew out of Boston
that morning contacted me
after he saw this on my website
and said, we never
were told about that.
Flight attendants weren't
even told about it.
The plane took off
and then veered west.
>>NOORY: Now, in spite of the
protests of some people who
have demanded your ouster
and everything else
from what you've done, you've
had a lot of support, too.
And that's growing?
>>WOOD: Mm-hmm.
Different people have reached
out to say various things.
They're kind of afraid of
getting beat up themselves.
>>NOORY: I mean,
I remember getting
a call during my open
lines on "Coast to Coast"
a year or two ago
and, of course,
you've been on the
program several times.
But this caller
was vehement that I
wasn't giving enough time to
you, that you should be on.
I said, wait a minute, she's--
I've been doing
programs with her.
Don't you listen?
I listen all the time,
you haven't had her on!
I said, yes, I have!
But you've got some
staunch supporters
out there who just won't accept
the official version of what
happened.
>>WOOD: Well, one of the
tricks also that's done,
if you want to keep
something covered up--
if you don't like the lie
behind door number one,
they show you the lie
behind door number two.
>>NOORY: Or three.
>>WOOD: Or three.
Or four!
Anything to keep you from
turning around and looking
at the wide open field
of evidence behind you.
>>NOORY: Let's look at a
couple of more images here.
>>WOOD: This is from
weather forecasts shown
10 to 15 minutes before
the North Tower got
its airplane-shaped hole.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>WOOD: And the CBS
one at the bottom-right
says as nice as can be, they're
predicting, in New York.
No mention of this hurricane.
>>NOORY: Which is barreling
down on New York at the time!
>>WOOD: Yeah.
And the guy on the top
image, where he has--
the top-left image
with his hands apart--
his hands would be
covered by the hurricane.
>>NOORY: And by the way,
where did the hurricane
go afterwards?
>>WOOD: It turned around, headed
out of town that afternoon.
And then headed up-- it stayed
a hurricane for the next day
or so, headed up the
eastern seaboard.
It made, you know,
almost a 180 degree turn.
It's like a 110
degree turn, actually.
>>NOORY: Judy, there
was an experiment
that demonstrates what is
known as the Hutchinson Effect
from John Hutchinson.
[BUZZING]
So what are we
looking at here, Judy?
>>WOOD: This is an
iron bar, and he's
got his field effects on it.
His interferes radio
frequency signals,
and it's within a static field.
And it does this.
>>NOORY: And that's his machine
in the background that we hear.
>>WOOD: Did you see the puff
of haze coming off the end?
It looks like smoke, but--
>>NOORY: Look at it.
It just kind of shriveled away.
>>WOOD: And it was
cold to the touch.
>>NOORY: Cold to the touch.
>>WOOD: And there's actually
some images like that on 9/11.
>>NOORY: Do you think that
kind of technology might have
contributed to--
>>WOOD: Oh, that type of thing.
>>NOORY: --the destruction
to those towers?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
He was demonstrating
something he had discovered,
but it happens naturally.
What is a tornado?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: You see vehicles
flying through the air.
Wind doesn't do that.
How would wind get underneath
a truck and lift it vertically?
You know, like 200
feet off the ground?
And then it doesn't crash down,
it's-- it gets set back down.
You hear about people
getting lifted by tornadoes
and getting set back down.
Oh, of course, there's
the "Wizard of Oz."
But it is a known thing,
and like that tornado
that I saw the effects of when I
was a child, with the apartment
building sliced in two,
it does that very thing.
It goes in a straight line--
cut a building in two.
So what happens if somebody
decides to weaponize that?
>>NOORY: Well, exactly.
Exactly.
And that may be the end game
that I've been talking about.
Because if you had
that kind of a weapon,
God knows what you could do.
>>WOOD: There's various
things I didn't put in my book
because it was too
much blood and guts.
It was just too horrible.
But there was physical things
that happened to people.
Well, already, as
we know, that there
is at least 1,000 people who
went missing that they never
found any trace of DNA for.
They were dustified.
>>NOORY: Poof.
Just gone.
>>WOOD: Beyond-- yeah,
just beyond that size.
You realize those dust
particles were smaller
than anything that has
been seen with, like, fires
or with pulverization?
It was about 1/100 the
size of red blood cells.
>>NOORY: You know, when you
read the Bible about the episode
of Sodom and Gomorrah,
and how it was destroyed--
>>WOOD: The walls of--
>>NOORY: --and it seems
strangely the same way.
>>WOOD: Mm-hmm.
I think back then people weren't
afraid to try weird things.
But now people are afraid to
just step outside the box.
>>NOORY: Do you think that
those responsible for this
were in shock at the results,
after we saw the devastation?
>>WOOD: I'm guessing
they probably don't know.
It is-- you keep something
so compartmentalized--
somebody does one thing,
a training exercise.
Fly from point A to point
B. Somebody's supposed
to walk from point B to point
C. They don't know what they're
doing as for the whole picture.
>>NOORY: 'Cause they had to
have the planes for the illusion
of the buildings collapsing.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Because
without the planes,
the buildings aren't just going
to pulverize and disappear.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>NOORY: Then that opens up the
door for all kinds of things.
So they created that illusion.
They continue to
create illusions.
What's the next step?
Because now they've got 17
years since this happened.
This technology might even
be even more damaging.
>>WOOD: Oh, it's been around
for over 100 years at least.
At least.
Probably, as you point out,
further back than that.
But are they likely to use it?
Well, they're more likely
to use it if we're not
adamant about recognizing it.
Now, think of-- what was it?
The 6th of August,
1945, Hiroshima, Japan.
That was evidence of
nuclear power plants.
>>NOORY: Yep.
>>WOOD: No, nuclear power plants
did not destroy Hiroshima,
but it was evidence
you could use it
for nuclear power plants.
What we saw in 9/11 was evidence
that free energy technology
exists.
Not that that's
necessarily what was used,
but if everyone realizes
that, nobody gets
dustified developing it
in their own basement,
if it's understood.
>>NOORY: So many people have had
this episode change their lives
and will never be the
same for it, at all.
>>WOOD: It's
terrifying, but you have
to be wanting to
deal with the truth.
And, you know, it's
terrifying to deal with it,
but that's what it is.
>>NOORY: Will anything ever
stop you for seeking the truth?
>>WOOD: No, I think the
truth is so important.
And that's what really is needed
to change our culture is get
back to not how to benefit from
something, but what's right
and what's wrong.
What's truth and what's not.
And just go with what's truth,
not necessarily what's popular.
But what's interesting about
that video, people often ask,
is this peer reviewed?
That was an engineer
who happened
to buy my book who was
so impressed that he
made that video.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
It blew his mind.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It blew his mind.
>>WOOD: He made it
totally on his own.
>>NOORY: People
like Richard Gage,
from Architects
and Engineers, who
have similar thoughts
about what happened,
and how those towers came down.
And they do not accept
the official story.
Do they support you at all?
>>WOOD: No.
>>NOORY: They do not.
>>WOOD: They
misrepresent my work
and say I'm talking about
laser beams from outer space.
You know, something that--
>>NOORY: Yet they believe
something else happened,
which is interesting.
>>WOOD: Right.
Yeah.
If you don't like the lie
behind door number one,
let's show you the lie
behind door number two.
And that's what's popular.
And you go with group-think
and then, you know,
that's another lesson
to learn from this.
There's so many lessons.
It's important.
I forgot who it was--
it was Mark Twain.
"If you find yourself
in the majority,
it's time to pause
and reconsider."
>>NOORY: Do you think your
book "Where Did the Towers Go?"
will ever be used in
schools and classrooms?
>>WOOD: Oh, I would hope so.
And let people take it apart.
>>NOORY: It will take
a gutsy school board
and educator, I think, to
bring this to the forefront.
>>WOOD: And you're going to
have parents and all sorts
of political things--
they're already teaching
politics in elementary schools.
But Montessori schools,
it would be great.
Or home schools, because
you're allowed to think.
And I think that's
so important--
to teach people to think.
>>NOORY: Well, you don't
point fingers at who,
you point fingers at what.
And I think that's important.
What you're pointing out is that
the official version did not
happen.
This is what happened,
in my opinion.
But I don't see you running
around the country saying,
this person did it,
this person did it.
>>WOOD: Oh, no.
And anyone who does that is
irresponsible because you first
have to determine
what it was that
happened before you
can say who did it.
You have to define what it was.
So those who say 9/11 was an
inside job, well, what was it?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
And what do you mean by inside?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I'm opposed
to that, by the way.
When they say it's
an inside job,
it makes it sound like our
own government did it, and--
>>WOOD: Finger pointing.
>>NOORY: --that is ludicrous,
as far as I am concerned.
However, there are rogue
factions within this country--
>>WOOD: As we see.
>>NOORY: --within
China, within Russia,
that are manipulating
and controlling things.
And I think these are
part of the groups that
are responsible for doing
these horrendous things.
>>WOOD: Very much in
our perception, it's--
it's like I have to
say about energy.
He who controls the energy
controls the people.
But he who controls their
perception controls everything.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And what do they want
with all of this, Judy?
>>WOOD: Some people like power.
>>NOORY: You think that's it?
They've got more power than
they have, than they need?
And they're bored?
>>WOOD: I cannot understand.
I don't see it from
that perspective.
I like to live life,
and go explore life,
and learn about the
world around me.
>>NOORY: I mean, do you think
they were doing high-fives
when they were watching
this tragedy on 9/11?
Did they enjoy this
horrible moment?
>>WOOD: When we see the-- heys!
See!
I was right!
It was better than I
thought it would be.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
>>NOORY: How have they been
able to keep it a secret,
in your opinion?
>>WOOD: Compartmentalization.
Also, if people have
a vested interest
in keeping it a secret.
For example, professors
who have, you know,
basically graded on how much
grant money they get in.
If they get in grant money to
develop fly-and-spy gizmos,
airport security
devices, are they
going to want to
talk about the truth?
This will take away
their grant money.
>>NOORY: So let's assume
you're at a conference,
speaking before a crowd
of people about this.
Where did the towers go?
And one person raises his or
her hand and says, Dr. Wood,
can you tell us
exactly what happened?
What would your answer be?
>>WOOD: Well, I can show
that the material came apart.
It didn't slam to the ground.
It didn't burn up.
Now, I don't have anything
hitting something,
so you can rule
out as the cause,
the destructive mechanism, you
can rule out kinetic energy,
and you can rule out thermal
energy, being the causes.
Well, as for any
conventional weapon,
that eliminates anything.
So it's obviously
something unconventional.
What I like to say
is, let's study this.
This is weird.
This is interesting.
Let's see this new phenomenon
that we haven't really
been exposed to much
before, and look at it.
And that's one thing that I
was really disappointed in
is that why government
officials didn't say, oh, wow--
why don't we study this?
>>NOORY: Scary situation,
Judy, isn't it?
>>WOOD: Yes.
>>NOORY: Keep doing
what you're doing.
>>WOOD: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Don't give up.
Judy, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>WOOD: Thanks so much for
having the courage to have me
here, too.
>>NOORY: It does take guts.
It takes guts for Dr.
Judy Wood to continue
doing what she's doing.
And I guess it takes
a little guts for us
to give it that
opportunity as well.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]